Develop (#39)
DX-DeveloperExperience/git-webhooks: docs/post-actions/customisablePostActions.md

# Customisable Post-Actions

A Post-Action, is a callback that will be executed after a rule `validate()` method.
This allow you to customise your process, according to the result of a rule.

You can:

- log informations,
- send webhook with data priviously proccessed,
- comment an issue or a PR,
- and much more!

## How does it work?

> In your `rules.yml` config file, you can add `callback` functions that will be called if the rule success or fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your `rules.yml` config file, you can add `callback` functions that will be called if the rule succeeds or not.
```

> These `callback`s are `Runnable` classes, that implement the `RunnableInterface`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These `callback`s are `Runnable` classes, that implementing the `RunnableInterface` interface.
```

> The `Runnable` will execute the `run()` method with `RuleResult` and `args` as arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Runnable` interface will have a `run()` method with `RuleResult` and `args` as arguments.
```
